CrazyCs custom PCB branch.md, before:

CrazyC's custom PCB branch

* Current custom strategy is using Strategy_myCS.py and Trading_myPta.py as included with this branch.  The 2 original, default files Strategy_CS.py and Trading_Pta.py have not been updated since last version with Custom Strategies enabled before Michael's new v7 code.

# Files differing from main code base

# models/exchange/kucoin/api.py
- Kucoin api file modified to disable websockets for getting historical data.  Historical data is pulled via standard api call.
- Ticker weboscket feed was modified slightly from main code base to process ticker correctly and uses current date of utc-now for time stamp

# models/exchange/coinbasepro/api.py
- edited in the same way as the Kucoin file above

# models/AppState.py
- added additional global variables for use in custom strategies - ultimately need to add a new file for these.  If the file exists, import it so custom variables can be added at will
    These are "state." variables

# models/BotConfig.py
- added additional global variables for use in custom strategies - ultimately need to add a new file for these.  If the file exists, import it so custom variables can be added at will
    These are "app." variables

    - gtTime(1 through 5) - used when wanting to check the amount of time one signal is above the other.  There are functions in Strategy_myCS.py for this purpose.
    - pvlTime - was used for custom prevent loss code to use time based prevent loss checks.
    - buySgnlLength & buySgnlTime are used in custom trailing buy code to check how long a buy signal has been in place.  This prevents buy signals from occurring just before candle close or initiating an immediate buy signal when the conditon happens for just a split second and then changes again which would make it a bad buy.
    The setting is currently hard coded in the Trailing Buy code in Strategy.py and is set for 5 mins for both standard and immediate buys.
    - sellSgnlLength & sellSgnlTime are the same as the vars for buying, but used with trailing sell the same way.
    As with buys, the settings in Trailing Sell are hard code in Strategy.py.  For selling, standard sells are set for 3 mins and immediate sells don't have a time check currently.

# models/Strategy.py
- added margin variable to isSellSignal so it can be passed to the custom strategy for checking.
- added a checkPVLTime function to check how long the margin has been below the preventloss trigger and use multiple if statements to check specific margin levels at time increments.
    * Custom Preventloss is not currently enabled as part of current strategy.  There are 2 versions of preventloss code in this file for now.  Original is commented out and the customer code is enabled with the standard preventloss settings in the config file and the time increments and margin levels are hard coded.  If this is something to keep using, should look at adding to custom strategy files.
    * preventloss code at the beginning of isWaitTrigger is commented out so the above custom code works correctly.
- buy and sell signal time checks are added to Trailing buy and Trailing sell as described above.

# pycryptobot.py
- added comments to the ticker and get historical data section of code near and after line 180.  Customized a little to accomodate updated websocket code that does not use websockets for getting historical data on Coinbase or Kucoin.
- commented out code referencing websocket.candles dataframe which was used for historical data as that is all commented out for Coinbase and Kucoin. Not sure how it will work with Binance.  might need to add a check for Binance to enable it if needed.  This is near line 2186.

Commit message:

Revised strategy, cleaned up some code
Revised custom KuCoin strategy to include a 2hr granularity.  Now using 1hr for run and check 15m and 2h indicators.
Cleaned up some of the custom strategy code and comments
Added some additional check for the custom indicatorvalues variable so as to not fill the log output quite so much.  Will now only output indicatorvalues at candle close and if there is a current buy or sell signal.  Can change in Strategy_myCS.py if you wish.

CrazyCs custom PCB branch.md, after:

CrazyC's custom PCB branch

* Current custom strategy is using Strategy_myCS.py and Trading_myPta.py as included with this branch.  The 2 original, default files Strategy_CS.py and Trading_Pta.py have not been updated since last version with Custom Strategies enabled before Michael's new v7 code.

# Files differing from main code base

# models/exchange/kucoin/api.py
- Kucoin api file modified to disable websockets for getting historical data.  Historical data is pulled via standard api call.
- Ticker weboscket feed was modified slightly from main code base to process ticker correctly and uses current date of utc-now for time stamp
- added a 2hr granularity option for KuCoin.

# models/exchange/coinbasepro/api.py
- edited in the same way as the Kucoin file above
- changed coinbase api url when Coinbase changed from pro. to exchange.

# models/exchange/Granularity.py
- added a 2hr granularity option.  May not work on all exchanges, currently only added to KuCoin api file.

# models/AppState.py
- added additional global variables for use in custom strategies - ultimately need to add a new file for these.  If the file exists, import it so custom variables can be added at will
    These are "state." variables

# models/BotConfig.py
- added additional global variables for use in custom strategies - ultimately need to add a new file for these.  If the file exists, import it so custom variables can be added at will
    These are "app." variables

    - gtTime(1 through 5) - used when wanting to check the amount of time one signal is above the other.  There are functions in Strategy_myCS.py for this purpose.
    - pvlTime - was used for custom prevent loss code to use time based prevent loss checks.
    - buySgnlLength & buySgnlTime are used in custom trailing buy code to check how long a buy signal has been in place.  This prevents buy signals from occurring just before candle close or initiating an immediate buy signal when the conditon happens for just a split second and then changes again which would make it a bad buy.
    The setting is currently hard coded in the Trailing Buy code in Strategy.py and is set for 5 mins for both standard and immediate buys.
    - sellSgnlLength & sellSgnlTime are the same as the vars for buying, but used with trailing sell the same way.
    As with buys, the settings in Trailing Sell are hard code in Strategy.py.  For selling, standard sells are set for 3 mins and immediate sells don't have a time check currently.

# models/Strategy.py
- added margin variable to isSellSignal so it can be passed to the custom strategy for checking.
- added a checkPVLTime function to check how long the margin has been below the preventloss trigger and use multiple if statements to check specific margin levels at time increments.
    * Custom Preventloss is not currently enabled as part of current strategy.  There are 2 versions of preventloss code in this file for now.  Original is commented out and the customer code is enabled with the standard preventloss settings in the config file and the time increments and margin levels are hard coded.  If this is something to keep using, should look at adding to custom strategy files.
    * preventloss code at the beginning of isWaitTrigger is commented out so the above custom code works correctly.
- buy and sell signal time checks are added to Trailing buy and Trailing sell as described above.

# pycryptobot.py
- added comments to the ticker and get historical data section of code near and after line 180.  Customized a little to accomodate updated websocket code that does not use websockets for getting historical data on Coinbase or Kucoin.
- commented out code referencing websocket.candles dataframe which was used for historical data as that is all commented out for Coinbase and Kucoin. Not sure how it will work with Binance.  might need to add a check for Binance to enable it if needed.  This is near line 2186.
